today my daughter Salish and I are going
to visit the coolest youtuber houses in
the world houses with countless secret
rooms W oh my gosh this is awesome a
literal Batman Mansion you haven't seen
the rest of the house this is really
cool this is better than any house I've
ever seen and we're also going to see
how your favorite YouTubers live their
lives some are a little messier than
others how are you even living here like
what are you doing so first we have this
is Brent Rivera's house I don't think he
lives here but we're going to find out
today come
in oh hey
oh this is my uh security guard you like
it not really no oh my gosh you came
with gifts why does it say happy
birthday imagine it says happy
housewarming cool do I get to open them
right now or um no I'll show you them at
the end oh okay so wait why are you here
I'm confused well I kind of want a house
tour of your house why' you say like
that as sa is just checking out Brent's
house I'll be with the anaala family has
a brand new mansion wait that's Batman
right is that Batman that must be
expensive oh I've never seen one of
these spinny things for a car before
it's super cool but it kind of makes
like actually getting in the car harder
I don't yeah I'll just have them do it I
mean I think we've already got a five
out of five for Vibe right but let's
check out the rest of the
house Welcome to our new house welcome
this is crazy actually mil Wow Come On
In what you know what they say hard work
pays off I guess I got to start working
hard this is like the game room um we
play pool you want to do the first shot
sure that was really bad oh yeah no yeah
I got you can't do that that's not allow
not allow actually I'm pretty sure it is
a lot I have a couple questions is this
actually your house yes it's my house
are you sure do you think that I don't
live here exactly someone is lying about
living in their beautiful house we came
here with the excuse of visiting for a
house tour but we're here to figure out
who is the liar did I grill you when I
went to your house no but you know what
I see a this is so cute I didn't put
that there usually people are in charge
of what goes in their house all right
anyways let's go Salish I did not put it
there it's okay I know you did okay so I
am judging your house on Hospitality fun
factor and Vibe so you have to be nice
to me the house has to be fun and the
vibe has to be awesome I don't think we
have to work a lot on the vibe oh you're
that confident in your house already do
you see this so this is our h humous
balcony how long have you lived here I
can't believe you haven't told me this
is actually our first night here this is
your first night here and I'm invited oh
wow what's this just if you want to take
a little step in the water go over here
if you're too scared to go in the pool
why is it so shallow I don't know why
you're asking this is my first day here
got it oh what's this this is a Jacuzzi
we can come into jacuzzi all together
and watch the beautiful view I love and
hate you guys right now there's also a
pool under there so there's a that
sounding like a question like a question
okay wait I got to get my mind around
this you have this and then an entire
other pool down there yes we have
another Pool and do I get to be invited
ever there's a 60 plus rule that don't
get invited into I'm not 60 so I don't
know what you're talking about 70 80 n
you would know how old I was if you ever
check famous birthdays but since you're
not really listed on there like I am I
guess you never look aren't you aren't
you like the last one there is it like
Salish number one why are you even here
why is Salish not here right now Salish
is at Brent Rivera's house comment below
which one is nicer this is like the
little room area this is my TV my
fireplace everything with who just by
myself CU it's your house yes because
it's my house yes yeah yes this is the
kitchen area do you know how to work the
toaster yeah you go like
this I don't think it works yeah maybe
cuz you've never used it h this is a
very secret thing that I can't tell you
about it's top
secret this is my slushie machine
where's your microwave uh microwave okay
what color is your coffee machine reded
these flowers are so pretty I don't
touch that they're not real yeah they're
not real flowers and also so this is
fake what no no oh it's fake no no no no
those those are not fake no those aren't
fake either no no no no is this fake
it's my real laptop well if you live
here what's one room you wouldn't want
me to see the YouTube planning room okay
no wait are you no saish you can't go in
there how did you even know where this
was were you in like a movie or
something it was like a show here's the
whole spot for my dad sometimes he likes
to sleep here here I like to sit here
more why are you arguing okay well don't
worry about it we're good okay he's just
a baby so he sleeps every time here I
used to love them I already hate them
for this house this is so comfy oh my
God that was 10 grand what oh my God I
don't understand how you guys did this
whole thing and nobody knows about it
this is crazy you guys are seeing their
house first on my channel that is so
cool I thought it was salish's Channel I
never even knew you had a
channel I have this is my channel it
says my name Salish has her own channel
it's called I usally just search up
Salish wow can you keep touring me cuz
I'm having a hard day so far so far this
Mansion is amazing but wait until you
see salish's next tour she has to find
five secret rooms in under 15 minutes so
these are the ideas that you wrote up in
your house Lexi and your dates she still
doesn't have a boyfriend she's going to
get mad at me whatever I say about this
so I'm just going to say nothing I B my
new assistant that is not an idea
what about I bought Sal sh car how old
are you 15 wait but 15 and a half is
when you get your permit right yep in 6
months remind me not to
drive no you should drive I'm going to
be like a really good driver I don't
know about that I filmed my house with
ball pit balls that's a good idea
comment if you want us to do that that's
my idea whatever what's your nicest car
I got a red Ferrari f8 are you writing
an idea down underneath the video ideas
now Salish drives my Ferrari no so I'm
going to go learn how to drive it this
is where all of us sleeps as a family
when we're having our movie night oh you
have a movie night so this is your room
is this the master that's where we spend
most of our life that's interesting
artwork yeah that's what he wanted to
look like but you know it didn't work
out look at this view from their bedroom
this is the best part of the house wa
I've never seen you wear leather trying
to get a new look cuz he looks like a
nerd right now oh oh did she turn into
saish suddenly oh oh he's taking over my
style no take stuff Mister keep stuff
where they are please what is this put
it down put it down okay okay sorry I
just want to talk okay I'm bored here
okay I guess we're leaving okay welcome
to my master bathroom do you guys have a
Batman thing I didn't know you did you
didn't see my new car outside no I saw
it when we came in actually because
Noah's been liking Batman so you bought
the Batmobile it was a challenge
actually for one of our videos that we
still didn't release okay whatever they
have four shower heads no no actually
and oh
no this is actually my R8 how do I start
it I'm not going to tell you how to
start it I press the see she doesn't
even know how to start a
[Music]
car it's loud huh yeah how do I stop it
all right just press the red button
again I'll trade you this car for a
really nice red Tesla it has a seat
warmer really good music you can even
roll down the window how do you have a
Tesla when you're only 15 don't worry
about that stuff all right let's move on
isn't the Tesla your dad's car I've seen
him drive it multiple times no it's not
no I got a new one I don't believe you
won bed well I don't believe that you
live in this house there's literally
nothing in this house everything's so
perfect and clean it's because I am a
clean person I keep things very
organized this is the bedroom this is
where I sleep those are my uh those are
my new clothes are you sure I've never
seen you wear anything like that well
look it they still have a tag on them
which means that they're they're fake
they're fake I can actually prove that I
live here this is my bathroom my shower
my two sinks and then look at this is
proof that I live here this is my closet
with all of my clothes no these are for
sure fake guys comment down below if you
actually think that Brent lives here
guys I live here I don't know where are
we going so whose room is this this is
the guest room this is where guests stay
this house is perfect yeah perfectly not
your
house so what does relatable mean
relatable is like my brand so you're 20
like8 27 and you have like gazillion
dollars uh no yeah yeah nice and
relatable now we're going to go
downstairs this is incredible what's all
this this is so cool wo this is the
living room this is a serious living
room here is outside no doors just this
beautiful view so you have two floors
have epic views yeah I just feel like
this is your Vibe though right can
Salish buy it for
you when we invited you I thought Salish
was coming she should be the main person
here and then when I saw you I was like
what he's still doing
this you know what for Hospitality
you're losing a lot of point no stop no
you're you're teasing me we competing
again Brent Rivera and then other people
I can't say yet because it's a secret
until we get there this is better than
friend's house this is better than any
house I've ever seen here it's where no
one likes to sit the most cuz it's
mostly Spider-Man I mean
Batman uhuh no she knew that she just
slipped up what about this
bik oh my God you can't St on the couch
that's rule 101 house rues I'm sorry
you're right but I was so excited about
stay away from that bike you could step
on the couch do not touch the bike why
do you have a Harley-Davidson inside
that's the Batman oh my God this guy
knows nothing okay let's move to the
next one you're old enough to know every
movie in the whole entire world
bro I think you might be watching s sh
much you hanging out with her a lot you
sound like her now sassy bro me
everywhere age jokes what's in
here since your house is so empty and
doesn't seem personable I got you some
gifts the first one oh well that's very
sweet of you I know oh my gosh just open
it I like let I actually like open yeah
let me open it oh it's a picture frame
it's a picture of your family that is
not my that's like some random stock
image of a family I saw this Target and
I was like oh that's probably his family
no it's not my what makes you all right
anyways next those are your cute little
dogs just two random dogs no one of them
that if someone asked me where these
dogs were what would I say that they're
your real house and this one should hang
right on the door right so that you can
see it first oh I'm excited this is the
best one this is the best one yep oh uh
my profile photo yep oh you should
change it why isn't it obvious all right
well you should take these sers back
there hand them in your real house bye s
this is my real house it no it's
actually my house no it's not you're
just going to leave now yep you guys
want to go with her or you guys want to
stay here all right okay good day see
you bye the gym the gym this is where
daddy and mommy work out and sometimes
even me and Noah that's weird I I didn't
know how this worked out you can't tell
wow okay okay uh the old guy isn't okay
how's that look okay ow sounds like an
old man see even Noah works out you have
no idea how much I would love a do
actually live 20 years more I just don't
understand why you keep telling me this
it's just a fact just facts
Mister we still have one more cool thing
to show you okay let's see this is what
we call the garage do you see my car
what do you think so this was just up
there yeah yeah and now it's down here
yeah we just moved them so you have a
hydraulic lift that goes from outside to
in here yeah because sometimes we want
to drive it sometimes we just want to
showcase it and then the Showcase you
see it from the living room yeah and
half of La can see it too if you haven't
noticed this is so cool okay I'm going
to give you a massive Vibe this is this
is vibing this is Vibes I'm so excited
for you guys actually this is crazy all
right um so I think we have stuff to do
so yeah maybe oh I have to go yeah I was
thinking I would just hang out this
I had an appointment actually school no
appointment School appointment at the
school yeah yeah gorgeous house but
because they kept teasing me that I
don't live there three stars both Brent
and Anala seem suspicious is one of them
lying about this being their house
Brent's place looked brand new I don't
think he even lives there whoever's
house that is gets four stars Brent gets
one star because he let me try out his
car next obviously this is Ben ord's
house because I mean look at the car so
this house would be really nice this is
James Charles's house this thing is
massive James Charles is a massive
Beauty influencer and his morphe palette
was the number one selling palette in
history his new Beauty brand painted has
the number one selling product on Tik
Tok
shop hey man hello so this is your house
yeah a little messier than I thought
I'll be right back 1 second here we go
wait wait are you kidding me seriously
okay okay my house does not smell that
bad hello hello James good to see you
how you doing so this is Finn again and
this is Theodore Salish wants another
dog which one would you like to give her
oh Theodore misbehaves more I'm going to
spend the rest of day convincing James
to give Salish F I brought you a present
and I'll give it to you at the end of
the tour can I have it now um no I have
something for you too my house is filled
with secret rooms I'm going to give you
15 minutes to find all five of them and
if you do I will give you this brand new
iPad oh and if I get it I'm going to
give it away to a subscri fair enough
this is my home I bought it back in 2021
this is the most remarkably beautiful
home oh thank you if I work really
really hard by the time I'm your age
will I be able to afford this aging
backwards would be an incredible
scientific you know Discovery the first
time I ever met James I asked him how
old he thought I was say
59 okay want to keep it 62 oh that was
even worse I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
at the end James is going to try to make
me look 30 years younger what could
possibly go wrong your time starts now
what are these are these like sheets
stapled they're definitely not bed
sheets there could be a secret room in
here so if I were you I would keep
looking in here we have lots of boxes
wait stop are you going to try the
fireplace really yes that's the
fireplace that I've never actually used
bro how are you even living here
sometimes I get a little busy filming
videos that I don't have time to like
clean up the house so it's pretty easy
to just throw all of these away you know
I'll do it tomorrow oh we're going this
way okay what's in here we're squeezing
I really don't like wine so I have a
Coke Celler instead can't get one from
the just no hell old are they honestly
you don't want to find out I really love
Legos and puzzles as well the Taja Hall
the piano I built the Eiffel Tower
you're very gracious to have us here and
you have great energy so your
hospitality is looking good so far that
fridge if I were you I wouldn't open
that fridge what's this does it not
smell funky yeah it smells really bad oh
boy where is the fze it's literally not
that bad she's spraying my pantry yeah
the fridge might be a little rotten but
it's okay well than thank you Salish you
know the clock's ticking right yep let's
go you want to look 25 we have some work
to do so I'm getting a makeover at some
point today and we'll see how that looks
we have kumquat trees lemon trees lime
trees orange trees avocado mango I think
at our house we have we have a bush are
you just spraying fa everywhere what's
this e you haven't found a single secret
room you know that right yeah I'm aware
secret rooms and couches are very
popular yeah I know you had one yo wait
it's a
slide need
oh my do I have one here I don't think
you do I don't think you're looking hard
enough maybe it's inside of the
TV good thing it was already broken wait
can you do a backflip I can saor has
been trying to teach me forever wait you
made that look so easy it is easy I'm
just going to move on this is the game I
don't know how to
play okay I won let's go moving on so
did you like choose to have this side it
lights up it lights up you said you had
a girlfriend yes this is cool I mean
Hannah likes it come
come on later saish tours a house that
isn't even built yet is it really their
house wait what's this m wait wait wait
say it's a doing oh yeah oh it must be
out of batteries normally it explodes
the entire planet we should put some
batteries in
it he doesn't have an elevator we have
an elevator when you're getting into
your old age like you are stairs become
really hard let's go look in this oven
thing I don't think it's in the grill
there is a secret room outside so let's
see if she finds it it's pretty hidden I
know for fact that there's going to be
one outside Okay sandy we're going up
here no no no no no no no no no where
are you going she found the Treehouse
but will she find the entrance I don't
see anything in here we should not find
it oh there's a ladder Salish has found
the first secret room it's in a
treehouse hey let's go I mean Ben this
isn't that secret well there's still
four more so you got to find the other
ones wow nice in here ew there's one
event I have a stylist who works with me
to put together all of our outfits for
red carpets for events for videos and
stuff you get invited to rec carpet and
stuff yeah do you not no I probably just
missed the emails right so this is my
bedroom I'm giving him zero just out of
Envy coming up watch James give me my
first professional makeover I don't know
if I've ever dealt with these type of
wrinkles before I have no idea what he's
going to do actually look at me I look
like younger it's been 5 minutes you
have 10 left are there any more outside
there might be a secret room in the pool
underwater secret room let's go clock's
ticking do you want the iPad or not H
smells nice in here again it actually
smells better I'm not going to lie I
found another secret room it's just for
the AC it's an attic this should be a
secret room oh let's keep going so this
is like the James Charles closet all the
most iconic outfits that I have worn on
social media whether it was to Coachella
or to different commercials for my brand
or for things throughout the years
everything is in here Lexi Rivera has
already been in here and done a house
tour with James so if you want to see
more of the house go to that video after
I feel so bad for Hannah does she live
with you yeah she lives with me
sometimes it would be terrible living
here let's go in here this looks
suspicious hold up oh look Sandy I think
I found it hey Sandy I found it no
that's two down you weren't supposed to
find that one in order to officially
find this secret room we do have to jump
into it you know how like when you buy
like a like a rollax or like a vintage
watch they hold their value so like
birken bags from heres is the same thing
in addition to the new dog I think Sal
is just into purses so if you which one
could we give her maybe you'll have to
like bring her back next time and she
can make the decision herself that's a
good idea if I brought her back could
you guys do some makeup together or
something yeah of course well comment
below if you want to see that yeah and
then s gets a purse out of the deal
[Music]
well we'll say about that one here we go
woo hurry up all right I'm in three 2 1
yo
yo oh my gosh this is awesome I
decorated this one to have bunch of TVs
video games beds lights I think this is
awesome but does Hannah like it every
time time we build a room like this she
tells us not to do it so to be honest no
she hates it but I like it so I'm going
to keep doing it what if I told you
there was another secret room entrance
inside this secret room why don't you
keep going giving the CH I'll be right
back I just have to use the bathroom
real quick downstairs is really cool
because a lot of houses in California
don't have basements but I
[Music]
do I do not recommend four-year-old Coke
Jordan that's like his special I know I
know I know he's not going to us he'll
never know the clock's taken you
literally only have like 4 minutes left
all right let's go let's go I mean this
kind of looks a little weird I don't
think so ew there's spider we taish it
doesn't count unless you exit the secret
room through the other entrance okay oh
she's doing it she's doing it sorry
sorry sorry what took you so long I was
using the bathroom the awkward question
let's head into the bathroom of the
entire house the Production Studio this
is where all the magic happens this is
our Tik Tok shop set so we're one of the
top brands in makeup on Tik Tok right
now which is super
exciting wait okay you have now found
another secret room entrance so I only
have two more you only have two more all
right we got to hurry up do you dabble
it all in skincare when you're
developing it it's really important to
use the right ingredients the right
products especially like nowadays all
these little girad are running around
Sephora and buying like skin care that's
intended for wrinkle reducing and lines
and all these things maybe one day in
the future but for right now I'm not a
skincare expert I focus on makeup and
skincare should be made for younger skin
too and there's not a lot of skincare
out there for younger skin MH yet next
salor are going to design a YouTuber's
house and they are not going to like
what she does Ben how much time do I
have 2 minutes 2 minutes wa what's this
uh that's nothing it looks like a door
oh no no how is she finding them all she
found the fourth secret room but you
have 40 seconds to find the fifth one I
would start going come on come on so
we're going to do a Jordan here is we're
going to attempt to actually make him
look 25 I can only do so much people I
don't think I looked in this room yet
okay okay
okay clock is ticking all right clock is
ticking wait did I find it she has 10
seconds
left it's right here you found all five
secret rooms hey let's go okay so we're
going to conceal this is really the
stuff that's going to hopefully deage
you a little bit I don't know if you
ever dealt with these type of wrinkles
before I'm drawing on eyebrows from
scratch I don't want to put them in two
separate locations you know scratch I
think the transformation is complete
saor she found all five secret rooms in
15 minutes which means I'm giving you
this brand new iPad thank you and now
I'm going to give this to a subscriber
so check in the description how to get
it at the end we will reveal which
Youtuber is lying about living in their
house if you guys are ready for the
Jordan matter Glam reveal give this
video a big thumbs up down below let's
get ready for the reveal in 3 2
voila W here's your gift oh thank you
it's so nice this looks expensive
Jewelers W oh that's so cute it's a
photo of me and Hannah inside of a heart
necklace thank you of course that's so
thoughtful sa she's going to love it no
it's for you put it on right now I have
to wear it yeah really yeah you sure yep
not really my style but like it's a nice
gift yeah yeah wow it looks so pretty I
feel like it would look better on Hannah
nope now let's take a picture of it wait
wait what what and perfect now it's post
on Instagram no no Sor don't post that
on Instagram bye nice to see you just
don't post it no bye s don't post it she
posted
it sish Ben's place was a mess I can't
believe Hannah puts up with that but I
like the five secret rooms so three
stars for
B are you Jordan the house is stuck
running five stars but all the old jokes
kind of knock the overall score down to
three stars this is such a nice
neighborhood but next is Lexi
Rivera wait what is this the right
address yeah I was kind of expecting
like a full house okay let's
look oh there it is the front
door oh hi Lexi there's no door can I
offer you a hard hat a hard hat I'm
having a bad hair day so that's why I'm
wearing M well it looks like like we
both are oh I'm just kidding I'm just
kidding did you bring me something so
house we bring it we'll get to at the
end let's get started how long have you
lived here I actually bought this house
in 2024 and I'm renovating it it's in
the same neighborhood as my brother and
my parents oh why would you want that in
case like there's a spider this is the
foyer obviously we're going to put a
front door there I think this should be
like where your room is that's why
you're not the contractor I don't know
who's telling you to have a door and
then the Voyer or whatever the foyer the
foyer yeah this is going to be my office
some wood paneling beautiful French
doors what's a French door doors that
just like open up but they're like so a
door yeah just a door did you like Lear
to sound fancy when they open up they
actually say wee wee that's what makes
them French is the hard hat maybe too
tight on your head cuz you're being
really mean what are you even doing in
an office get stuff done I am a
businesswoman are you no over here is
going to be the gym so is the gym just
going to be like for show no sish I
actually work out are you sure about
that you're not invited to my home when
it's finished well I have the address so
you'll see me sometime I actually don't
know what all this is doing in here I
thought you were building this I'm not
Bob the Builder Salish I obviously have
a team doing this you look like Bob the
Builder with the hat aren't you supposed
to be like putting the mic under my
mouth when I'm thank you thank okay not
like in my mouth I have done hearing you
talk we're going to make this like a
gymnastic Studio a trampoline in the
middle Beam on the side the bar right
here this is actually the first good
idea you had I would consider making
this a little gymnastics gym sure
consider no we're going to do it this is
going to be my bar so is that like what
older people do like you just drink all
day no I actually don't really drink the
bar is going to be for my friends yeah
yeah this whole thing is going to be all
windows you want all windows for the
natural lighting to make you look
younger that's what my dad does too this
is going to be smoothie barx strawberry
mango pineapple you're going to need a
blender just for when I come over you
are going to visit right maybe when
you're not here I'll
visit you're going to have a new
fireplace right there a really nice
couch some chairs right here some more
windows it's a good thing that you're
not a homeowner I am a homeowner
actually which home do you own my room
are you a homeowner this doesn't look
like a home yet oh there are plans it's
okay I can read the plans I don't know
if she knows how to read plans sheer
wall to remain got it so I see a new
fireplace I can actually understand that
why are you having a new fireplace the
old one was old it was probably built
when you were born I'm not that much
older than you yeah you are look at our
height difference how tall are you like
410 I'm actually 5'1 you are not 5'1 I
am look at your huge don't show these
yes look at them I'm kicking the camera
I'm kicking the camera let's go back to
the plans I want her out shouldn't you
be like married right now with like
grandchildren already shouldn't you be
in preschool right now oh wait it's your
dad calling hey Jordan yeah I have your
little 5-year-old here and she's being
really mean no I don't have a car seat
to take her home in all right let's go
to the backyard this is going to be
completely different it's going to be
very much French Countryside VI people
won saying French is the pool also going
to say wee wee instead of saying
Cannonball you say we
wee okay do you play golf a lot um I do
actually I'm pretty on
par get it do you even know what that
means I don't think you do either oh God
what what yeah let's why is there a golf
thingy well that happens a lot I live on
a golf course I'm going to just throw
this back and then
yeah sish what are you doing why are you
writing your name on my wall there we go
so where is my present yeah you'll get
that at the end I think it's the best
thing I've ever given someone really
yeah I hope you get like a better ladder
there's going to be a staircase here
come on Salish let's go this is going to
be my movie theater oh a movie theater
wow what are you going to watch movies
with just my friends yeah is that hard
to believe yeah a little when I came to
tour your house like you were kind of
sassy to me but I felt like we were
friends in the end I mean I think you
were kind of sassy to me I actually
don't like your room it's not dreaming
me I think it's more of like a nightmare
well can we maybe settle the beef no I
have my hand out yeah I can see okay so
instead of making that like a living
room how about you make it a pool and
you jump into the pool or maybe like a
water slide entrance down no I'm
extending this out to over there and
it's going to be a little hang hangout
area up here okay oh my gosh this is
going to be my room this is obviously
going to be my room so this is my second
closet why do you need a second closet
you're 4 foot I have a lot of clothes
they may be tiny clothes but I still
need a lot of room this is the bathroom
for the closet why does the closet need
bathroom well in case I'm trying on
clothes and I have to go to the bathroom
I think this should be a bedroom this
can be your bedroom that's enough space
for you cuz you're 4 foot I'm still
growing and I think you've kind of
stopped also you've probably shrunken
already because you're like so old
[Music]
[Applause]
um I was going to do it but I at least
couldn't okay I'm done with this house
tour thank you Lexi I have your house
Waring present I'm coming here's your
house for a gift all right oh I'm
excited oh this is my old welcome M and
wa this is used no no no yeah yeah so I
got this when we first moved into our
curent house wanted to give it to you
because I just bought a new one a use
mat then yeah yeah I uh I think you
should be a little more grateful
honestly Salish this last hour you
touring my house has been the worst hour
let's head by thank you thank you for
the get your hat bye I'll see you where
your house is ready say let's do as the
M says and stay away actually the mat
says stay a while oh since Lexi's place
isn't even a house yet one star also she
didn't invite me back so actually zero
stars now it's time to reveal who was
lying about their house this is in our
house this is a
prank you you pranked me yeah that's
what are so confused about the house
what so we actually Liv two blocks away
I know I know we wanted you to love this
house and be emotional so that you can
move closer to us yeah oh wow that's so
sweet thank you it's only $30,000 a day
a day yeah check your ax you did not do
a day rental on my car did you